In this example I've got three Cisco Ioway the routers that have just booted up one is going to act
as our client.
One's going to act as a DHP version 6 relay agent and one's going to act as our DHP version 6 server.
So let's start with the relay agent call us road a relay and then on gigabit 00 all know shut to the
interface and actually before configure IP version 6 addresses or lets configure IP version 6 unicast
routing and now on gigabit 0 0 I'll configure an IP version 6 address of 2001 face colon code on one
and then on gigabit zero one now shut the interface IPV V-6 address 2001 call on one two three four
colon colon one slash 64 so show I.P interface brief will show us no IP addresses because no IP version
for is configured on this router.
Sure RPV CICS interface brief however shows us the IP version 6 global unicast address on gigabit to
0 0 as well as the address on gigabit 0 1.
So show IPV 6 interface gigabit to 0 0 there is the link local address global unicast address and subnet
address on key give it to 0 1.
We've got something similar.
Link local address and global unicast address.
Now one thing we need to configure on the relay agent is on the interface that's going to receive the
DHP request.
We need to configure IPV 6 DHP relay and point it to the DHB server which in this case is going to have
an IP address of 2001.
Two four on Kahlon to so to configure the relay agent we configure an IP address on gigabit to 00 and
we configure the relay destination.
So that's the configuration of the relay agent.
I'm going to enable IPV six DHP debugging so that we can see DHP messages received from the client.